---
layout: default
title: Code of Conduct
---

http4s is dedicated to providing a harassment-free community for everyone,
regardless of gender or anything to do with it (identity, history, expression,
non-binary gender, etc.), sexual orientation, disability, physical appearance,
body size, race, religion, and programming background. We do not tolerate
harassment of community participants in any form, and sexual language and
imagery is not appropriate for any community activity. Community participants
violating these rules may be sanctioned or expelled from the community at the
discretion of the community organizers.

Harassment includes offensive comments related to gender or anything to do with
it (identity, history, expression, non-binary gender, etc.), sexual
orientation, disability, physical appearance, body size, race, religion,
programming experience or background, sexual images in public spaces,
deliberate intimidation, stalking, following, harassing photography or
recording, sustained disruption of community activities, spaces, or other
events, inappropriate physical contact, and unwelcome sexual attention.
Participants asked to stop any harassing behavior are expected to comply
immediately.

All participants in the community and community-associated activities are also
subject to the anti-harassment policy. In particular, participants and
community organizers should not use sexualized images, activities, or other
material.

If a participant engages in harassing behavior, the community organizers may
take any action they deem appropriate, including warning the offender or
expulsion from the community.

If you are being harassed, notice that someone else is being harassed, or have
any other concerns, please contact a member of the community staff immediately.
A contact address can be found <a href="#community-staff">below</a>.

Community staff will be happy to help participants contact local law
enforcement or otherwise assist those experiencing harassment to feel safe. We
value your participation.

We expect participants to follow these rules in all http4s-supported venues.
These venues include, but are not necessarily limited to: 

- All GitHub repositories and comments under the [http4s organization](https://github.com/http4s)
- The [http4s gitter channel](https://gitter.com/http4s/http4s)

## Community Staff

If you have any questions or concerns, please contact a member of the community staff, such as:

- [Bryce Anderson](mailto:bryce.anderson22@gmail.com)
- [Ross A. Baker](mailto:ross@rossabaker.com)

## Credits

_This Code of Conduct is adapted from the [Typelevel Code of
Conduct](http://typelevel.org/conduct.html), which is inspired by
[haskellnow.org](http://www.haskellnow.org), which is inspired by [Geek
Feminism](http://geekfeminism.wikia.com/wiki/Event_Guidelines)._
